- [Kevin] Before we wrap up the course,
I want to take a moment to give you a path
for expanding your technical skills
and give you some information
on how to stay in touch with me.
The best way to gain a deeper knowledge
of Spring Batch is to build your own batch process
with the techniques we covered.
This might be a personal project or a project at work.
But if you put these skills to work daily,
you will quickly become an expert.
Also, throughout the course,
we worked quite a bit with Spring.
There are courses on the LinkedIn Learning platform
that dive deeper into all of the Spring projects
that I highly recommend you investigate.
If you want to stay in touch with me,
I'm not hard to find online.
You can visit my blog at www.tothought.com,
or check out my Stack Overflow profile
to see my latest activity.
Additionally, I have other courses
on the LinkedIn Learning platform.
Git for Teams is a course I built
that delivers strategies for teams using Git,
that can help your team operate more fluidly.
Building APIs with Swagger covers a design-first approach
to creating APIs and teaches you the OpenAPI Specification.
Java EE 8 Essential Training covers 13
of the most widely used Java EE APIs
and gives you a rock-solid foundation
for building Java web applications.
Check these out if you like spending time in the editor
and you like my teaching style.
So that is all I have for you, for now.
Congratulations on finishing this course,
and thank you for taking it.
Now put your skills to work,
and go build some exciting batch processes
with Spring Batch.